New default IP mapping settings for public subnets (#2002)
weaveworks/eksctl: site/content/usage/06-vpc-networking.md

If that functionality doesn't suit you, the following options are currently available.

> >**_IMPORTANT_**: From `eksctl` version `0.17.0` and onwards public subnets will have the property `MapPublicIpOnlaunch` enabled, and the property `AssociatePublicIpAddress` disabled in the auto-scaling groups."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**_IMPORTANT_**: From `eksctl` version `0.17.0` and onwards public subnets will have the property `MapPublicIpOnLaunch` enabled, and the property `AssociatePublicIpAddress` disabled in the Auto Scaling Group for the nodegroups."
```
